n-api: support for object freeze/seal (#35359)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

```c
napi_status napi_object_freeze(napi_env env,
                               napi_value object);
```

* `[in] env`: The environment that the N-API call is invoked under.
* `[in] object`: The object to freeze.

Returns `napi_ok` if the API succeeded.

This method freezes a given object. This prevents new properties from
being added to it, existing properties from being removed, prevents
changing the enumerability, configurability, or writability of existing
properties, and prevents the values of existing properties from being changed.
It also prevents the object's prototype from being changed. This is described
in [Section 19.1.2.6](https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-object.freeze) of the
ECMA-262 specification.

#### napi_object_seal
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

```c
napi_status napi_object_seal(napi_env env,
                             napi_value object);
```

* `[in] env`: The environment that the N-API call is invoked under.
* `[in] object`: The object to seal.

Returns `napi_ok` if the API succeeded.

This method seals a given object. This prevents new properties from being

> added to it, as well as and mark all existing properties as non-configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
added to it, as well as marking all existing properties as non-configurable.
```
